README.md, before:

# LeetCode-Practice
A collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interview! - Created using [LeetHub 2.0](https://github.com/maitreya2954/LeetHub-2.0-Firefox)

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0026-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0026-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array) |
| [0027-remove-element](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0027-remove-element) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0013-roman-to-integer](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0013-roman-to-integer) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0009-palindrome-number](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0009-palindrome-number) |
| [0013-roman-to-integer](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0013-roman-to-integer) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0013-roman-to-integer](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0013-roman-to-integer) |
| [0014-longest-common-prefix](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0014-longest-common-prefix) |
| [0020-valid-parentheses](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0020-valid-parentheses) |
## Trie
|  |
| ------- |
| [0014-longest-common-prefix](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0014-longest-common-prefix) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0020-valid-parentheses](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0020-valid-parentheses) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0021-merge-two-sorted-lists](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0021-merge-two-sorted-lists) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [0021-merge-two-sorted-lists](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0021-merge-two-sorted-lists) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0026-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0026-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array) |
| [0027-remove-element](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0027-remove-element) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

0122-BEST-TIME-TO-BUY-AND-SELL-STOCK-II Stats: Time: 0 ms (100%), Space: 18.9 MB (44.23%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

# LeetCode-Practice
A collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interview! - Created using [LeetHub 2.0](https://github.com/maitreya2954/LeetHub-2.0-Firefox)

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0026-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0026-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array) |
| [0027-remove-element](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0027-remove-element) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0001-two-sum](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0001-two-sum) |
| [0013-roman-to-integer](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0013-roman-to-integer) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0009-palindrome-number](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0009-palindrome-number) |
| [0013-roman-to-integer](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0013-roman-to-integer) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0013-roman-to-integer](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0013-roman-to-integer) |
| [0014-longest-common-prefix](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0014-longest-common-prefix) |
| [0020-valid-parentheses](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0020-valid-parentheses) |
## Trie
|  |
| ------- |
| [0014-longest-common-prefix](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0014-longest-common-prefix) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0020-valid-parentheses](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0020-valid-parentheses) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0021-merge-two-sorted-lists](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0021-merge-two-sorted-lists) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [0021-merge-two-sorted-lists](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0021-merge-two-sorted-lists) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0026-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0026-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array) |
| [0027-remove-element](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0027-remove-element) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii](https://github.com/Ahib-Afnan-Siam/LeetCode-Practice/tree/master/0122-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
